# Project: AI-Generated Images and News for Rio Grande do Sul

This project is designed to generate images and news for specific locations in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It uses FastAPI to create an API that serves endpoints for generating images based on prompts, fetching the news for today, rendering HTML with news details, and listing Google Drive files.
The purpose of the project is to make a comparison, using an artistic approach, of the news generated by the media and the daily reports from the website users slice of life of each location.

## Features
- **Image Generation**: Generates images based on a provided prompt.
- **News Generation**: Retrieves and generates news for specific locations within the state.
- **Google Drive Integration**: Lists files from Google Drive.

## Endpoints
- `/generate_image`: Generate an image based on the given prompt.
- `/generate_news_for_today`: Generate news for today's date.
- `/get_news_html`: Retrieve the news and render it as HTML content.
- `/list_googledrive_files`: List files from Google Drive.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Python >= 3.9
- FastAPI
- Uvicorn
- Loguru

### Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Hauserrodr/3GNews-Bot.git
cd 3GNews-Bot
pip install -r requirements.txt
msedge.exe --remote-debugging-port 9999
python api.py
```

### TODO - Backend
- Make an API just for accept image generation requests and save them in a list, this is needed because the api "freezes" when it receives a request and this is not good is there's a lot of users using our service
- Make the loop for generating news for today every 5AM

### TODO - Prompt Strategy
- Develop a pipeline that searches for specific links when searching for the news

### TODO - Frontend
- Finish Gallery Page
- Finish About Page
- Stress test pages with multiple access

### DONE
- Implement user image generation
    Basically this feature allows users to generate images based on the daily stories they provide. The story is used for generating an image prompt, which is then feeded into DALL-E2 API (via Bing) to generate 4 images about the user narrative.

- Implement daily news retrieve endpoint
    Since it's the backend job to create the daily news every day at 6AM, we should have a route to just retrieve the images from google drive instead of generating them everything  the endpoint is accessed.

- Improve news generation pipeline
    - Make sure the news does not have an introduction message, like "Here are the news for...".
- Implement user news retrieve endpoint
    We should have this endpoint for retrieving every user's daily news stories from Google Drive.

- Save data about the news locally (or at least the url for the google drive archive)
    We should save data about when the news was generated, the users news, etc.

- Wait for right element to show up in the html when generating image, instead of waiting hardcoded time.

- Create a text describing the news, instead of just a list of news links.

- Improve news generation pipeline
    - Make sure the image generation prompt really is a prompt.
    - Ask for more news

- Improve image prompt generation message
    The prompts are too descriptive right now, maybe a way to improve is to give more examples.

- Try selenium browser with --headless
    - Tried and it does not work, since the send_keys() function does not work properly.

- Start chrome with debugging port from script

- Update cidades and bairros .json

- Modify today news generation prompt to use "the last 3 days" instead of a specific date